To go from the tic-tac-toe game to chorus lapilli, we need to change/implement these features:
    After a player's third move, every subsequent move will consist of two clicks: one to select one of their Xs or Os
    on the board, and one to move it to a legal adjacent square. No Xs or Os will be added to the board once the players
    take their third move.
    A player's Xs or Os can only be moved to legal adjacent squares (next to, above, below, or diagonal to). Attempting
    to move a piece to an illegal square, or trying to select an unoccupied square at turn start to try to add an 
    additional X or O will result in nothing happening.
    If a player has one of their Xs or Os in the middle square, their next move must be a winning move (3 in a row),
    or to vacacte the piece from the middle square. Therefore, we need to check whether or not a move will result
    in a win before it happens instead of after it occurs, and if it doesn't, do nothing.
First, we will define a const array ADJACENT that, at each index, consists of an array of integers that are adjacent
to the integer position denoted by the index. This means that when a player tries to move, we can check if the 
square they are trying to move to is legal by checking if the position they are trying to move to is contained in the
array thats index corresponds to the square the piece is currently on.
Next, we define the helper functions:
    countPieces - returns the number of squares on the board that have the player's piece type on them
    isAdjacent - returns whether or not a square is adjacent to the current square
    moveCenter - returns if the player has a piece on the center square
    hasWinningMove - calculates every possible move the player can take in their given scenario, and returns whether or
    not any of them result in a win.
In the board component, we keep track of whether or not a player is in the moving phase by seeing how many pieces they've placed.
Then, in handleClick, if it is not the moving phase, we let a player place a piece on any open square. Otherwise,
they are in the moving phase. First, in the moving phase, we check what type of square the player clicked, and set a const
selectedSquare to their square if it is one of the ones they have a piece on. Next, the player will click a different
square. If they select the same square, we deselect the piece they clicked on, otherwise, we let them set their 
move square to an adjacent square to the piece they picked, given it follows the center game-winning rule. 
If the player selects a square that is not the center one while they have a piece in the center and they don't make a
winning move, we return from the handleClick function early and make the player select a different square.
Then, we display the text for a winner, if there is one. If there is not a winner, we tell the player whether they
are in the move phase or the place phase. If they are in the move phase and they are on the center, we tell
the player they must win or vacate the center. The player's turn in the move phase only ends once they make a valid move,
so the checks we have in handleClick ensure that while the player is selecting squares that do not result in valid moves
for them, they are forced to keep selecting squares until they pick a valid move. 
Building the game and the board is the same as before, since there is still 9 squares, so that does not change.